# cronolog

A simple light-weight cron-based task runner.

## Features

- Schedule numerous named tasks using the cron syntax.
- Specify dependencies between tasks.
- Humanizes cron specifications so that we can understand them!

## Install

    npm install -g cronolog

## Use

Create a task specification file (see next section).

Run cronolog from the same directory as the task specification file:

    cronolog

Scheduled tasks will be run at their specified times.

## Task specification

This is a json file called `cronolog.json` that specifies which tasks to run and when.

    {
        "my-task": {
            "when": "<cron-specification>",
            "cmd": {
                "exe": "<the path to a executable to run>",
                "args" [
                    "list of arguments to pass to the command",
                    "arg 2",
                    "arg 3, etc"
                ],
                "cwd": "<the-working-directory-for-the-command>"
            },
            "dependsOn": "my-other-task"
        },

        "my-other-task": {
            ... another task defined here ...
        },
    }

## Logging

Logging generated by tasks is stored in the `output` sub-directory next to the task specification file. 

## Future

- Tasks can be coded in JavaScript.
- Use as an API.
- Built-in web page for viewing logs.
- Configuration of tasks via the webpage.
- Emails when tasks complete or fail.
- Email digests.
- Easily deployable to Azure and AWS.
- Triggerable by web hook.
- Tasks specification can be defined in both JSON and JavaScript.
- Tracking the duration of the tasks to let you know how long they take and if they are getting shorter/longer.
- Plugins so that logging can be redirected offsite.
- Watch and restart when the task spec is updated.
- Automatically resolve and break circular dependencies.